Add "Airdrop Scams" to security and scams page (#5093)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/security/index.md

[Man loses $200k in mining pool scam](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoinBase/comments/r0qe0e/scam_or_possible_incredible_payout/)

### Airdrop scams {#airdrop-scams}

> Airdrop scams involve a scam project airdropping an asset (NFT, token) into a users wallet, and sending the user to a scam website to claim the airdropped asset. When going to claim this asset, the user will be prompted to sign in with their Ethereum wallet and "approve" a transaction. This transaction then sends over your wallets information (private and public keys), which leads to your wallet being compromised. Other forms of this may have the user to a send transaction where the user just sends funds to the scammers account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airdrop scams involve a scam project airdropping an asset (NFT, token) into your wallet and sending you to a scam website to claim the airdropped asset. You will get prompted to sign in with your Ethereum wallet and "approve" a transaction when attempting to claim. This transaction compromises your account by sending your public and private keys to the scammer. An alternative form of this scam may have you confirm a transaction that sends funds to the scammer's account.
```
